    <h1>Dialogflow Travel Chatbot</h1>

    <p>This repository contains the code for a Travel Chatbot implemented with Dialogflow, Node.js server, and OpenAI
        integration. The server code is in the 'server' folder, and the Dialogflow intent files are in the 'client'
        folder.</p>

    <h2>Prerequisites</h2>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="https://nodejs.org/">Node.js</a> installed</li>
        <li><a href="https://ngrok.com/">ngrok</a> for creating an HTTPS URL for the webhook</li>
        <li>Dialogflow account and a created agent</li>
        <li>OpenAI API key</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Setup Instructions</h2>

    <h3>1. Dialogflow Setup</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Create a new agent on <a href="https://dialogflow.cloud.google.com/">Dialogflow</a>.</li>
        <li>Import the intents from the 'client' folder into your Dialogflow agent.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>2. Ngrok Setup</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Download ngrok from <a href="https://ngrok.com/download">ngrok.com</a>.</li>
        <li>Open ngrok.exe.</li>
        <li>In the ngrok command prompt, run the following command to expose your local server on port 3000:</li>
        <pre>ngrok http 3000</pre>
        <li>Copy the HTTPS URL generated by ngrok.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>3. Dialogflow Webhook Configuration</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>In your Dialogflow agent, go to <strong>Fulfillment</strong>.</li>
        <li>Enable Webhook and enter the ngrok HTTPS URL as the fulfillment URL.</li>
        <li>Save your changes.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>4. Node.js Server Setup</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>Navigate to the 'server' folder.</li>
        <pre>cd server</pre>
        <li>Install dependencies:</li>
        <pre>npm install</pre>
        <li>Setting up .env file</li>
        <pre>Configure .env file(instructions are in <code>.env</code> file itself) </pre>
        <li>Run the station_code_finder.js script to extract station codes:</li>
        <pre>nodemon station_code_finder.js</pre>
        <li>Terminate this script</li>
        <pre>ctrl+C+C</pre>
        <li>Start the Node.js server using nodemon:</li>
        <pre>nodemon app.js</pre>
    </ul>

    <h3>5. Test the Chatbot</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>In your Dialogflow agent, go to the <strong>Integrations</strong> tab.</li>
        <li>Enable the <strong>Dialogflow Messenger Beta</strong>.</li>
        <li>Click on <strong>Try it now</strong>.</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Conclusion</h2>

    <p>Congratulations! You have successfully set up and configured the Dialogflow Travel Chatbot with Node.js, ngrok,
        and OpenAI integration. Feel free to explore and customize the code to meet your specific requirements. If you
        encounter any issues or have questions, feel free to reach out to me.</p>

    <p>Thank you for using our Travel Chatbot solution. Happy coding!</p>
